Tata Capital Confidential


Dear


As per your discussion with our Employee ___________ please find below the details as required.



Employee No.               

Date of Joining               

Grade                             

Designation                 
Official Mail ID                 
work From Home Confirmation ( YES / NO) 

Working Location           

Working office Location 

 Address 

Residence/Correspondence address as per HR records –






Regard's
Kiran Kamble 
Tata capital housing finance limited.
Home Loan, Pune
kiran.kamble@tatacapital.com
+91 9011450164



Tata Capital Confidential
Disclaimer & Privilege Notice: This e-Mail may contain proprietary, privileged and confidential information and is sent for the intended recipient(s) only. If, by an addressing or transmission error, this mail has been misdirected to you, you are requested to notify us immediately by return email message and delete this mail and its attachments. You are also hereby notified that any use, any form of reproduction, dissemination, copying, disclosure, modification, distribution and/or publication of this e-mail message, contents or its attachment(s) other than by its intended recipient(s) is strictly prohibited. Any opinions expressed in this email are those of the individual and may not necessarily represent those of Tata Capital. Before opening attachment(s), please scan for viruses. Disclaimer & Privilege Notice: This e-Mail may contain proprietary, privileged and confidential information and is sent for the intended recipient(s) only. If, by an addressing or transmission error, this mail has been misdirected to you, you are requested to notify us immediately by return email message and delete this mail and its attachments. You are also hereby notified that any use, any form of reproduction, dissemination, copying, disclosure, modification, distribution and/or publication of this e-mail message, contents or its attachment(s) other than by its intended recipient(s) is strictly prohibited. Any opinions expressed in this email are those of the individual and may not necessarily represent those of Tata Capital. Before opening attachment(s), please scan for viruses.
